[Music]
it's him all today I'm going
introduce the trampoline zebra has
manufactured by worlds apart it's for the
12 months and more and it looks great guys
we will try it right away but
first we will open the box
here is what we find inside
of the box the trampoline canvas on
which child will jump with a
decor of so vcore zebras the head
of the zebra bed that we will be able
to put on a handle seems there is
a handle to which the child goes
to be able to stand
so we have the different elements
who will be able to do the support of
our trampoline
we have a small box in
which normally there must be
three are different when the child
will jump on the canvas it's going that must
make sounds a priori and we
tips the dea for the for the
feet of the trampoline as well as the
different tools and the record
of use
now we adapt
[Music]
m
the
[Music]
mounted trampoline took us a lot of
time
still especially on this part
low but hey it's a very object
nice that we will be able to test soon
now
so here I present you to my
team is a little our agent testers
of this trampoline zebra go hop it's
left
you will see all alone normally
then what does it give what
that it gives ben you go up to boj
was going to be done on its own this is
after all went to the sig ronan
Paul sealing for his children
what's going on here that's good
here and it works
so alain thomas matussek past hello
there
finally the trampoline of banks is this
that you think
Well , that's all I can say
his quirks in a hurry to please him
his first moment
[Music]
amandine seems to appreciate
and I say goodbye very
soon for others were playing on the
point what
[Music]